# AndroidProjectTeam

Our proposed solution caters mainly to the different age group who wishes to exercise and escape the confines of self-isolation at home after the lockdown period due to Coronavirus, Covid-19. Leading to a rise in physical activity behavior and people desire to head outdoor and exercise. The most common form of exercise which most people choose to happen to be running given the accessibility of the sport to run in any environment. People no longer need to travel specifically to the stadium or the park due to the accessibility of tracks surrounding our neighborhood in Singapore due to our government effort. However, there is a major flaw in running outdoors given the ever-changing weather conditions. Given Singapore weather conditions, it is difficult for individuals to predict the weather especially during the monsoon season. Hence, our application aims to resolve the troubles of individual who may face such issues and improve their running experience by offering them a smart running app which will warn user ahead of time if it is about to rain if they wish to run in this short duration of time. In addition, there is a built-in feature of a timer that counts down from the duration which the user set initially. We decided to narrow the scope of our users to Changi for a start mainly to cater to runners in our school where there aren’t much sheltered jogging paths nearby. With this application, we hope to improve the user experience of runners in Changi by providing them with a wonderful running experience.
